citigroup said monday that it beat wall street predictions for quarterly earnings after stripping out a big loss on its retail brokerage and other one-time charges .	net income was $ 3.3 billion , excluding one-time items .	that amounts to $ 1.06 per share , beating the 96 cents predicted by analysts polled by financial data provider factset .	analyst predictions generally exclude one-time charges and gains .	revenue , after the special charges , was $ 19.4 billion .	that beat expectations of $ 18 billion .	the bank wrote down $ 4.7 billion after agreeing to sell its portion of retail brokerage morgan stanley smith barney for less than it had hoped .	including that and other one-time charges , net income was $ 468 million , and revenue was $ 14 billion .	without the special charges , net income and revenue were both up .	with them , net income and revenue were both down .	revenue in the investment bank 's lending operations declined , while revenue from trading stocks and bonds rose .	in a statement , ceo vikram pandit exuded caution , noting that the bank had managed to increase its cushion of extra capital . "	we are managing risk very carefully given global economic conditions so we can continue to grow our businesses safely and soundly , " pandit said .	his bank 's earnings also sounded a familiar theme for the banking industry this season : revenue powered by mortgages .	retail banking revenue jumped 35 percent , mostly because of mortgages .	in the depths of the 2008 financial crisis , mortgage lending was a scourge on many banks , with institutions like wachovia and bear stearns collapsing under the weight of risky home loans they 'd made or the exotic mortgage-backed securities they 'd bet on .	for now , though , it 's a boon .	on friday , both wells and jpmorgan reported that a surge in home lending pushed them to record profits .	still , the mortgage units are weathering a flood of lawsuits and regulatory charges .	in august , citigroup agreed to settle lawsuits from shareholders who said the bank did n't properly warn them of its exposure to risky subprime debt .	the bank did not admit wrongdoing , but said it wanted to put the matter behind it .	citi is the country 's fifth-largest mortgage lender , according to the trade publication inside mortgage finance , but it 's a small player compared with wells fargo , which controls about a third of the market , and jpmorgan , which controls about 11 percent .	the bulk of the bank 's one-time charges came from the $ 4.7 billion charge it took after agreeing to eventually sell its portion of retail brokerage morgan stanley smith barney to morgan stanley .	the negotiations were a coup for morgan stanley : citi did n't get nearly the price it was hoping for .	the charge is also greater than the bank had first estimated , $ 2.9 billion .	citi is still reshaping itself from the financial crisis , when it was one of the most toxic banks among its peers and nearly collapsed .	so ceo pandit has been reshaping the bank into something smaller and , he hopes , more controllable , selling off units that he sees as non-essential .	getting rid of the retail brokerage is a break from the plans of many of his peers , though .	banks are looking for reliable , if boring , sources of revenue , and brokerage is driven by fees that clients pay for getting advice on how to manage their money , rather than gains or losses made from the risky business of trying to predict the markets through trading .	pandit said monday that the deal with morgan stanley " has given us more certainty on our exit from that business , " and also allowed the bank to trim the unit where it keeps crisis-era assets that it 's trying to wind down .	the bank also had to take a one-time charge of $ 776 million because of a controversial accounting rule related to how banks value their debt .	it forces banks to book a charge when the value of their debt rises , because theoretically , they would have to pay more to buy their bonds back from investors .	the rule has been sharply criticized by the banking industry as confusing or misleading , since it essentially crimps a bank 's results it is doing well and boosts them when a bank is doing poorly .	it 's expected that the accounting rule could be phased out as early as next year .	citi 's stock price jumped nearly 2 percent before the market opened , rising 66 cents to $ 35.41 .
a bill meant to extend south carolina 's public recognition of fallen military service members is going to the senate floor .	when a south carolina resident dies in combat , state law requires flags flown atop the statehouse to be lowered to half-staff on the day of the funeral .	the bill advanced tuesday by senate finance would lengthen that time .	flags would be lowered the day those deaths are announced and not returned to full staff until two days after the residents ' funerals .	advocates in the audience included family members of 1st lt. ryan rawl of lexington and spc. john meador ii of columbia .	they were among three national guard soldiers killed in afghanistan last june when their patrol was attacked by a suicide bomber .	senators recognized their families during the meeting .
shares in citic securities ltd. and guosen securities ltd. fell friday by the 10 percent daily limit after both said they were being probed by regulators .	a third brokerage , haitong securities ltd. , issued a similar announcement after trading in its shares was suspended friday morning .	none gave details .	the shanghai composite index closed down 5.5 percent .	authorities have detained securities executives , an investment fund manager , government employees and a reporter for a business magazine following the collapse in prices that began in early june .	the announcements that brokerages themselves were under investigation represented a further widening of the probes .	the investigations were seen by many as an attempt by the ruling communist party to deflect blame for the 30 percent fall by the shanghai index after state media encouraged the public to buy stocks .	citic is china 's biggest brokerage and part of citic group , the cabinet 's main holding company .	guosen and haitong are among the country 's 10 biggest securities firms .	in september , the police ministry announced citic executives including its general manager , cheng boming , were suspected of insider trading and leaking sensitive information .	the previous month , the official xinhua news agency said eight citic employees and one current and one former employee of the market regulator were suspected of illegal stock trading .	a star chinese fund manager , xu xiang , was detained nov. 2 on suspicion of insider trading , according to xinhua .	the market benchmark soared more than 150 percent beginning late last year before hitting a peak june 12 and plunging .	the downturn triggered complaints politically favored insiders profited at the expense of small investors .	beijing responded by barring large shareholders from selling and ordering executives to buy back any recently sold stock in their own companies .
gov. susana martinez has a new chief spokesman .	the albuquerque journal ( http://goo.gl/iktf9e ) reports that chris sanchez officially began serving as communications director in the governor 's office monday , replacing enrique knell .	sanchez was martinez 's campaign spokesman during her 2014 re-election candidacy and served as spokesman for house republican leaders during the 2015 legislative session .	he also formerly worked in former congresswoman heather wilson 's unsuccessful 2012 campaign for a u.s. senate seat and as a public information officer for the state higher education department .	sanchez says knell is about to start a new job as the regulation and licensing department 's director of boards and commissions .
pulaski county will receive a $ 1 million grant from the economic development administration to build a conference center at the verizon arena in downtown north little rock .	sens. blanche lincoln and mark pryor and rep. vic snyder , d-ark. , announced in a joint statement monday that the project will include construction of the six bridges innovation conference center , exhibit and kitchen space and the purchase of folding partitions that will allow the space to be divided into three smaller conference rooms .	the center will host businesses , schools and other organizations and allow them to collaborate on ways to advance innovation , entrepreneurship and cultural enrichment in pulaski county .	construction will begin in early 2011 , and the center is expected to open within the year .
mayor paul winfield has proposed a citywide referendum on dissolving vicksburg 's bus system , called nroute , as an independent agency and returning it to city control .	nroute ended fiscal 2012 with an $ 83,726 deficit and faces a projected $ 96,000 deficit in 2013 . "	putting it under the city will allow us to better monitor the finances and spending , " winfield said .	winfield said a referendum can added to the city 's june 4 ballot , the vicksburg post reported ( http://bit.ly/w1vdix ) .	nroute began as a city department in 2006 .	in 2007 it was made an independent agency operated by a five-member advisory board and a hired executive director .	nroute 's current budget is $ 886,110 , including about $ 470,000 in federal transportation money .	the rest of the system 's budget comes from fares , grants and supplements from the city and warren county .	warren county 's supplement is $ 30,100 and the city 's is $ 135,000 .	the nroute system has been plagued with financial problems since 2007 .	fares collected since it started total $ 244,219 , while it has received an estimated $ 4.3 million from grants and local funds .	the city has spent about $ 1.3 million , the county about $ 192,000 , and $ 2.8 million has been obtained through grants .	ridership has declined since fiscal 2008-2009 , when nroute had its highest participation with more than 57,000 passengers .	the total ridership in 2011 was 35,242 ; it was up slightly at 35,669 in fiscal 2012 .
udall residents will vote aug. 3 whether to recall the town 's mayor for apparently engaging in a questionable business deal .	christopher lette was elected without opposition in 2008 to be mayor of the southern kansas town of about 750 residents .	he told the winfield daily courier that his construction company accepted a contract to demolish a run-down house about three years ago , then donated the $ 8,000 cost back to the city .	lette says he checked with the kansas league of municipalities to make sure the transaction was ethical , and was told that it was .	a recall committee member declined to comment other than saying lette had helped award a contract to his own company .
a man arrested in indiana after allegedly telling officers there he 'd shot and killed a man in vermont will be held without bail after pleading not guilty to first-degree murder at his arraignment .	peter lavalette , 49 , most recently of westfield and jay , entered the plea wednesday to the upgraded first degree murder charge in vermont superior court in newport .	at the court appearance , lavalette 's attorney waived a hearing and will continue to be held without bail .	lavalette was arrested in indiana july 1 after being stopped for a traffic violation .	he told police in that state that he 'd shot george kouzoujian , 61 , at his westfield home four or five times in the head , court records said .	lavalette said that he shot and killed kouzoujian because he 'd been browbeating him and tapping him on the head with a hammer on june 28 , according to court documents . "	i killed a guy .	he had it coming to him .	he deserves to die , " the documents say lavalette allegedly told indiana law enforcement officers after he had been stopped july 1 on suspicion of drunken driving . "	i killed a man and i 'm happy about it , " the caledonian record ( http://bit.ly/1cxstvj ) quoted lavalette as saying .	vermont state police troopers said they found kouzoujian 's body after being told of lavalette 's comments by indiana authorities .
missouri gov. jay nixon says the state will play a long-term role in rebuilding housing in joplin after the deadly may tornado .	nixon was traveling to joplin on tuesday to announce what he describes as a " major initiative to address both the near-term and long-term housing needs . "	he says it will involve both federal and state resources to support home construction .	the may 22 tornado that hit joplin killed 159 people and destroyed thousands of homes while wiping out a large section of the city .
hawaii county prosecuting attorney mitch roth said his office dropped cases against the 14 people arrested and six people cited .	one case involving an arrested protester had previously been dismissed , he said .	roth said he made the decision out of respect for a judge 's ruling last week invalidating the state 's emergency rule that prohibited being within a mile of the mauna kea access road between 10 p.m. and 4 a.m. , unless in a moving vehicle .	the rule also prohibited , at any time , sleeping bags , camping stoves , tents and propane burners on the mountain .	protesters against building the thirty meter telescope near the mountain 's summit had been holding around-the-clock vigil in an attempt to stop workers from resuming construction .	work has been stalled since april amid the protests .	the state 's land board passed the emergency rule during a heated meeting in july .	at the meeting , the state 's attorney general said a targeted rule -- even though camping is already prohibited on the mountain -- was needed to maintain safety .	a lawsuit argued the rule is illegal and prevented telescope opposition at the expense of native hawaiian cultural practices and public expression .	those opposed to the telescope cite how the mountain is sacred to many native hawaiians .	dropping the charges is the right thing to do , said david kauila kopper , the native hawaiian legal corporation attorney who filed the lawsuit . "	however , it does not make up for the unreasonable chilling effect and adverse impact it has had on native hawaiian cultural practitioners and the public , " he said in a statement .	kuuipo freitas , among those arrested for violating the rule last month , said the state should n't have enforced the rule while the lawsuit was pending . "	it 's ridiculous , " she said . "	it was still in the courts , and they went ahead and made arrests .	in the end , it did n't make them look good at all . "	she was in the middle of praying when officers from the state department of land and natural resources went up to the mountain to arrest her , six other women and a man in the early morning hours of sept. 9 .	dozens of protesters have been arrested during two attempts to resume construction .	roth 's office also moved to dismiss trespassing charges against 10 people . "	we still have other cases not applicable to the emergency rule that we are still moving forward with , " roth said .	follow jennifer sinco kelleher at http://www.twitter.com/jenhapa .
a southwestern idaho sheriff is making an extra effort to find the owner of a lost item .	the ada county sheriff 's office on tuesday posted on its facebook page a photo of a bag of methamphetamine saying the agency would like to meet the owner .	the agency says a motorcyclist traveling at 80 mph on amity road on friday morning lost the 3 ounces of meth when it fell off the back of the bike .	witnesses saw the item fall and retrieved it from the street .	they contacted authorities when they discovered the bag contained a white powder .	police say the witnesses did n't get a good look at the motorcyclist because he was going too fast .	the sheriff 's office says no one had claimed the item by tuesday afternoon .
louisiana state university professor isiah warner has been selected to receive the american chemical society 's award in analytical chemistry .	warner is boyd professor and vice chancellor of strategic initiatives at lsu .	his research focuses on analytical chemistry as well as development and application of chemical , instrumental and mathematical methods for analytical measurements .	he is a graduate of southern university and earned a doctorate from the university of washington .	warner has been on staff at lsu for 20 years .
the family of a hofstra university student accidentally killed by a police officer has listed a potential lawsuit among her assets , meaning it may be planning to sue nassau county and the county police .	the potential lawsuit was mentioned in a document filed in surrogate 's court in westchester county , where andrea rebello lived .	lawyers for her family have asked the nassau county attorney to preserve evidence from the shooting in uniondale .	rebello , a junior , was shot by a police officer during a may 17 home invasion off campus .	the intruder , a prison parolee , also was killed .	the surrogate 's court document says rebello 's assets include the " right of action " to sue nassau and its police officers for " wrongful death , civil rights and negligence . "	her only other asset listed is personal property worth less than $ 1,000 .	the document , dated may 31 , sought to have rebello 's mother , nella rebello , named administrator of the estate for the purpose of bringing the lawsuit .	permission was granted june 6 .	the document lists nella rebello and her husband , fernando rebello , as survivors who would inherit under the law .	andrea rebello , 21 , also had a twin sister , jessica rebello .	nassau county attorney john ciampoli said the county has not been notified of any lawsuit .	but he said attorneys for the rebello family have contacted him , requesting that radio communications , video and other documents from the shooting be preserved .	ciampoli said he has ordered county departments to retain all documents .	nassau county police inspector kenneth lack said the investigation into the shooting is ongoing and declined to comment on specifics of the case or any potential lawsuit .	calls to the family 's attorneys , byron lassin and david roth , were not immediately returned tuesday .	a call to the rebello family home in tarrytown was answered by a woman who said she had no comment .	nassau county police have not identified the officer who fired the fatal shot .	police said one officer found the intruder holding rebello in a headlock and threatening to kill her .	they said the officer fired when the intruder , 30-year-old dalton smith , pointed a gun at him .	smith was hit seven times , rebello once .	rebello 's godfather said police should have negotiated with smith before firing .	some friends at her wake said police should have waited for backup .	james carver , president of the nassau patrolman 's benevolent association , said smith was the only person responsible for rebello 's death .
rick layher has been working drug cases for decades and knows well how methamphetamine can tear a family apart . "	the parents that i 've talked to , they 're just pulling their hair out about it and asking ' what do we do ? '	no other drug has affected families like this , " said layher , who was confronted with the problem in his own home this year .	layher 's son , john r. layher , 27 , was arrested nov. 17 for felony possession of a controlled substance and misdemeanor possession of paraphernalia .	the sheriff turned his son in to idaho state police after he found a couple of meth pipes in the basement of his house , where john had been living .	investigators searched the house and seized the evidence . "	i truly feel that turning him in , i did the right thing for him , " layher said . "	one way or another , he 's going to get some help ... to me , this was his last chance . "	his son spent almost five days in jail . "	i was happy the longer my son sat in jail .	his brain was starting to get clear , " layher said .	john layher declined to be interviewed for this story .	he was due in court friday , but the preliminary hearing was rescheduled for january .	the elmore county prosecutor 's office turned the case over to the ada county prosecutor to avoid a conflict of interest .	sheriff layher , who attended his eldest daughter 's graduation from boise state university friday morning , said his family has been through a lot in the past month , but he 's feeling optimistic about his son 's future . "	i see light now ... i 've seen a big difference in his attitude , " said layher , who wants to see his son get treatment for drug addiction .	he believes his son began using drugs in his early 20s , but had been clean until about a year ago . "	you see them going good for a couple months , six months , even eight months , then all of the sudden , it 's like the rug 's taken out from under you , " layher said . "	he had gotten a pretty good job and had been clean for a long time , then he started using again . "	layher said meth addicts become completely absorbed in themselves , withdrawing from family and staying out all night . "	you ca n't really get into a rational conversation with them .	no matter what it is , they 're right , " layher said . "	when they 're on that stuff , they do n't care about their kids , their parents , their grandparents .	they do n't care about them things until their brain starts clearing up . "	layher said meth is no bigger problem in mountain home than it is anywhere else in the state , but it is a major problem . "	i would n't wish this on anybody , " said layher , thankful for the support he 's received from the community . "	a lot of people have sent cards and said they 're praying for us .	that does help .	i 'm thankful to god for that . "
a man has been sentenced to 48 years in prison for shooting into a crowded party at an anchorage warehouse , killing a teen and wounding two others .	oscar lajoie fired eight shots from outside the warehouse during the party in march 2009 .	one bullet killed 16-year-old colton crow , who was about 40 feet inside the door .	the anchorage daily news reports that two other defendants also were sentenced .	chad zurfluh got four years in prison for criminally negligent homicide and two counts of assault .	his sister , jaeleen , was sentenced to serve nine months in prison for hindering prosecution .	lajoie apologized to crow 's family and friends in the courtroom and insited he thought he was shooting at the building , not into it .
after the fall of president hosni mubarak , a group of young activists quickly moved to bring the can-do spirit of egypt 's revolution down to the level of their neighborhood .	they began installing electricity poles in mit oqba 's dim streets .	they got gas pipes extended to the area .	they did what local officials had long promised but never done , with the aim of showing 300,000 low-income residents the benefits of an uprising meant to end the corruption and stagnation under mubarak .	then the activists ' parents started getting intimidating warnings : your children are going to get beaten up by thugs .	an official who helped them get papers signed for extending the gas pipes was suddenly transfered to another post .	the activists had run into a collision course with powerful local members of the former ruling party .	it was a lesson about the new egypt : the old regime is still in place and fighting change . "	the regime is not just mubarak and his ministers .	there are thousands still benefitting , " said mohammed magdy , one of the activists in mit oqba .	mubarak was ousted five months ago , along with top figures from his nearly 30-year regime .	but the military generals who now rule have been slow in ?	or have outright resisted ?	dismantling the grip that members of his former ruling party hold on every level of the state , from senior government positions down to local administrations .	in the meantime , public anger that real change has not come is growing explosive .	the experience in mit oqba illustrates the conflict between old and new being waged street by street and neighborhood by neighborhood .	under mubarak 's regime , more than 1,700 local councils nationwide , with over 50,000 members , were elected in theory to represent their neighborhoods .	in practice , they were a cog in the patronage and corruption machine of mubarak 's national democratic party .	election rigging ensured nearly all councilmembers belonged to the party .	often they would push projects that lined their own pockets or those of friends .	for example , a street would get a new sidewalk if a firm close to the council or ruling party profited .	councilmembers steered services to residents willing to do them a favor later .	the system helped ensure the regime 's hold .	come election time , officials used their patronage to drum out voters for party candidates or to hire thugs to beat up opponents .	late last month , a court ordered all local councils dissolved , potentially a significant step toward reform .	but former members retain their connections , backed with cash , giving them a strong tool for regaining seats when new municipal elections are held . "	they have lots of money going around to people .	they have ties with big families in the area , " said heba ghanem , an activist working with mit oqba 's popular committee . "	some who want to run for parliament are already slaughtering cows and distributing ( the meat ) in the neighborhood " ?	a common way to curry votes .	the same fear holds for national politics , where many one-time officials in mubarak 's party are gearing up to run for election in september .	the activist neighborhood groups , known as popular committees , aim to break not just corruption but also the apathy of egyptians who have given up trying to make things better .	they were born from impromptu neighborhood watch groups that defended homes in a wave of looting the anti-mubarak uprising .	the watch groups were widely popular as an example of egyptians working together on their own initiative , and they won support from the young people who had fueled the anti-mubarak revolt .	there are now nearly 50 " popular committees " nationwide , each with volunteers working in their home neighborhoods .	their self-imposed mandate : make things better and get things done .	many of them have taken the additional title of " in defense of the revolution . "	that can mean anything ?	fixing infrastructure and providing literacy classes , working with residents on rooftop gardens or on better water usage , or monitoring officials to keep them accountable .	some conduct " name and shame " campaigns to expose those who take bribes or embezzle ?	whether policemen or bakers who sell government-subsidized wheat on the black market .	they catch perpetrators on mobile phone cameras and publicize the footage .	in alexandria , egypt 's second largest city , a gas company needed to repair a damaged valve .	but it wanted protection , because its team had to work at night .	with a general police pullback from the streets , the popular committee volunteered to provide security instead .	the gas company feared offending police by cooperating with the activists , so the committee had its patrol just pass by the work site to make it look coincidental .	the company made the repair .	mit oqba , magdy 's home district in cairo , provided a unique challenge and opportunity .	ruling party networks were strong in the crowded district , which was used to provide manpower for pro-mubarak rallies during the uprising .	soon after mubarak 's fall , the 24-year-old magdy and his committee drew up a plan to tackle 12 prominent problems in the long neglected neighborhood .	they organized installation of light poles for a dozen streets .	drug dealing was rampant , so they 're pressing officials for more police .	the district badly needed a low-fee government medical clinic .	one was underway , but workers ?	paid by the day ?	were delaying finishing it .	so a committee member is camping out at the construction site , doing everything from badgering them to bringing them daily tea to get it done .	local officials promised two decades ago to extend natural gas pipelines to mit oqba homes .	it never happened .	so the committee followed the paper trail and got a few approvals signed .	now the main pipeline has been laid , and the committee is helping residents register for connections to their homes .	with the successes , the harassment began , according to the activists .	local council supporters hacked into the committee 's facebook group and sent emails to its members that caused fights among them , magdy said .	they transferred the official who cooperated with magdy to sign papers .	they pressured a principal into barring the committee 's literacy class from his school .	to scare the volunteers ' families , they spread word that armed thugs were waiting to attack them , magdy said .	when that did n't work , the local council tried to take credit .	in its newsletter , it proclaimed that it " promised and delivered " on the gas lines .	former ruling party members posed in photos by the new streetlights .	magdy 's group countered with its own newsletter , " the people want , " reporting on their activities and on former regime members trying to buy off loyalties .	they also praised officials who helped them bring services .	in a last-ditch attempt , a local bigwig who once sat in parliament for the ruling party met with volunteers .	he told them bluntly they would fail . "	who lied to you and told you this party is dead and buried ? "	he shouted , according to magdy . "	we are still here and we will win again , with your help . "	zaghloul rashad , a member of mit oqba 's local district council , denied that the council had harassed the young activists , and called them " arrogant " young meddlers .	he said the influence of the activists was limited to a few steets .	he also denied the activists were responsible for the new gas pipeline , saying it had been approved earlier . "	does the popular committee have a magic wand to say ' extend gas pipelines ' and it happens ? "	asked rashad , who plans to run for election again and expressed confidence he would win .	at the same time , rashad complained that the activists can in fact march into a local administrator 's office and press him into action , and he 'll comply for fear of seeming anti-revolutionary . "	they could n't even enter his office before , " he said . "	it is chaos ! "	the activists are unfazed .	in a snub to mit oqba 's local council , magdy 's group hung a banner on al-gharib street , where several councilmembers own homes .	one side proclaims " goals we achieved " and the other " goals we want to achieve . "	so far , they 've checked off nearly half the original list of 12 . "	these kids are good .	they 're cleaning up the streets , " said howeida mohammed , a 40-year-old woman attending one of the committee 's literacy classes this week . "	i do n't want anything to do with the local council . "	the popular committees may not survive because of the sheer strength of the old system mubarak set up , said alia mossallam , a doctorate student documenting the popular committees and helping them network .	but they 'll be a breeding ground for a new generation of politicians , experienced in actually serving a community . "	we have never had goverance from below , " she said . "	( the experience ) may die down ... but everything they have learned will stick with them . "
state officials in new jersey are moving forward with plans to buy flood-prone properties in the wake of superstorm sandy .	officials met with 129 sayreville home and property owners who are approved for buyouts .	environmental protection department spokesman larry ragonese told the home news tribune of east brunswick ( http://mycj.co/11ydnkl ) the people own contiguous properties and clusters of homes that will allow the state to create flood plains .	ragonese says the state is hoping to buy the first homes by the end of summer .	fema will provide 75 percent of the funding and the state will pay 25 percent .	the state is only working with willing sellers and owners can reject the offer without losing their homes .	ragonese says about 72 properties in south river are next .
dejujuan nelson lost a buck fixing video games before he realized he could make one ?	or several .	it was about two years ago , when he was 16 , when a friend approached him with a broken playstation 2 system .	knowing dejujuan was good at that sort of thing ?	he had been the grand blanc pick for genesee intermediate school district 's " best of the best " students for career and technical education ?	he was the obvious choice . "	at that point in time i was n't really trying to look for a profit or anything .	i did n't have the idea of actually having a business , " dejujuan said .	he found the part that was faulty and bought a new one for $ 10.97 . "	i told him , ' hey , it 's going to cost about ten dollars or so , ' and he gave me ten bucks .	... i did n't calculate any profit , it was just like a friend to friend sort of thing , " he said .	being 97 cents in the red , he got the idea . "	after that i got thinking .	i thought , hey , this could become a pretty profitable business , " he said .	now dejujuan fixes all kinds of gaming systems , and sells them along with games .	since he was only 17 when he started the business , he had to find an adult to help him , and recruited his uncle .	his uncle is technically the owner , but since the business began when he was 17 , nelson has retained the title of founder , chief operations officer and chief executive officer .	ceo or not , nelson still had to worry about getting his homework done , and said that even though the business took up a lot of time , he just had to treat it like a part-time job .	but it was n't the average teenager 's part-time job .	in order to get the business going , nelson needed to advertise with fliers around town , network and do market research .	part of that market research was right at school , surveying students with what they would want from a company like his .	having plenty of competition in the video game repair market , nelson said what his business offers is local convenience because customers do n't always want to send their gaming system through the mail to the manufacturer and wait for it to return . "	people were actually starting to wait six or seven weeks to get their system back .	i mean , that 's a pretty long time for gamers , " he said with a laugh . "	gamers , " he explains , do n't want to be separated from their favorite pastime for too long .	nelson does n't hesitate when asked how he learned to fix gaming systems . "	i honestly do not know , " he said .	most of it , he says , came from simple tinkering and learning from online tutorials for fun .	nelson has also made friends with people from other similar businesses who have given him advice and information along the way .	though he 's enjoyed getting his business up and running , nelson said he wants to pursue a career in law enforcement . "	for a really long time i 've wanted to be something that has to do with law enforcement .	... recently i just changed my career focus , and i 'm sort of leaning toward the u.s. marshals , " he said .	he said he wants to stick with the business as long as he can , but said once he graduates from ferris state university , where he 's been accepted for the fall , he 'll have to find someone else to run it for him .	business is nice , but he said it 's not where his heart is . "	i like to take charge .	i really like to help people .	one thing that really gets me is when i see someone that actually needs help and there 's nobody to provide it , " he said .
a judge on tuesday sentenced a 20-year-old maintenance man to life without parole in the killing of a 7-year-old canton girl .	ryan brunn pleaded guilty to the dec. 2 killing of jorelys rivera .	brunn told the judge he found rivera 's roller skate and used it to lure her into a vacant apartment .	brunn was indicted last week .	the charges against him include murder , aggravated assault , aggravated battery , cruelty to children in the first degree , aggravated child molestation , false imprisonment , enticing a child for indecent purposes , sexual exploitation of children , making false statements and abandonment of a dead body .	brunn said started sexually abusing her in the vacant apartment .	he said later bound her arms in the bathtub and then taped her face before cutting her with a razor he uses to cut carpet .	when she did n't die immediately , he said he hit her about five times before stuffing her body in a garbage bag and throwing it into a trash compactor .	authorities found the child 's body in a trash bin at the apartment complex three days after her mother reported her missing in early december .	police believe brunn snatched rivera as she walked from the apartment complex 's playground to her apartment to get sodas for her friends and took her to a vacant apartment , where authorities say he killed her .	according to the indictment , brunn bound rivera 's hands with plastic ties and taped a rag into her mouth before he beat her with a " hammer-like object , " cut her throat and stabbed her in the chest .	authorities say brunn also molested the girl .	brunn had pornographic material of a young female child in his possession , according to the indictment .	brunn was being held without bond at the cherokee county jail .	his family has said he is innocent .	brunn has no known criminal past and he cleared criminal checks by the company that runs the apartment complex where he had been working about a month .	authorities say brunn had keys to the apartment and the trash compactor bin where rivera 's body was left .